README.md, before:

# OpenGL template wtih GLFW and GLAD
Setting up OpenGL can be annoying. This project offers a simple template for using OpenGL with GLFW and GLAD, along with CMake for building.

# How to use
If you are on linux (or an operating system that supports bash files), run the following bash files. Otherwise, open each file in a text edit and copy and paste the commands into the terminal.
```
./config.sh
./build.sh
./run.sh
```
config.sh runs CMake and generates the make file in out/build. build.sh runs the make file and generates the bianary. run.sh runs the program.

Source .cpp files should go in /src/ and header .hpp files should go in /lib/. All dependencies go in /external/ and external headers can be put in /include/. All files in the /src/ folder are added to the executable.

Delete this README and replace it with the README for your project.

To change the project name open the CMakeLists.txt and change the project name where it says project([project name]). Also update the project name in the run.sh file where it says ./[project name].

Commit message:

Added debug and release modes

README.md, after:

# OpenGL template wtih GLFW and GLAD
Setting up OpenGL can be annoying. This project offers a simple template for using OpenGL with GLFW and GLAD, along with CMake for building.

# How to use
If you are on linux (or an operating system that supports bash files), run the following bash files. Otherwise, open each file in a text edit and copy and paste the commands into the terminal.
```
./config.sh
./build.sh
./run.sh
```
config.sh runs CMake and generates the make file in out/build. build.sh runs the make file and generates the bianary. run.sh runs the program.

Source .cpp files should go in /src/ and header .hpp files should go in /lib/. All dependencies go in /external/ and external headers can be put in /include/. All files in the /src/ folder are added to the executable.

To change the project name open the CMakeLists.txt and change the project name where it says project([project name]). Also update the project_name variable in run.sh to match the CMakeLists.txt project name.

To build the program in release run these commands.
```
./config.sh release
./build.sh release
./run.sh release
```
